Add clarification to metadata topic (#255)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/writing-guide/front-matter/index.md

### aliases

> Used to create redirects from the previous URL to the new URL when a page changes or moves. As a best practice, when you rename or move files, you should create an alias with the previous file path and name to create an HTML redirect from the old URL to the new URL. For more information, refer to [Hugo aliases](#hugo-aliases).

Reviewer: Aliases use URL paths, not file paths.

I also chose to remove the specific mention of HTML redirects because we should revise that information. The actual production website does not use HTML redirects but HTTP redirects. 
However, the local webserver still uses HTML redirects.
In practice, they result in the same behavior.
 
```suggestion
Used to create redirects from the previous URL to the new URL when a page changes or moves. 
As a best practice, when you rename or move files, you should create an alias with a reference to the previous URL path create a redirect from the old URL to the new URL. For more information, refer to [Hugo aliases](#hugo-aliases).
```

Reviewer 2: Is this a best practice or a requirement? What's the scenario where you've renamed or moved a page and you don't want an alias?

Reviewer 2: I guess I just want stronger language. Maybe talk both scenarios. If it's possible for there to be a working redirect (you move an entire file or rename it) set up a redirect. If you've deleted content and there's no corresponding content or it's moved to within another page then don't. I just don't want people left with the idea that redirects are a nice-to-have. They're a requirement unless you can't set one up feasibly or you're gonna create bad 404s.

Author: Ah, gotcha.  Let me think about rewording.  We definitely need **_something_**, because currently we don't say anything about why you would need an alias, and we definitely want to encourage people to create them.

### (required) description

> Used to provide the short description of the topic to search engines, including the search feature in the Grafana documentaiton site. The description is also diplayed on social media, such as Twitter, to provide a clue to users about what the page includes.

Reviewer: Fixes typos.

```suggestion
Used to provide the short description of the topic to search engines, including the search feature in the Grafana documentation site.
The description is also displayed on social media, such as Twitter, to provide a clue to users about what the page includes.
```

### aliases

Used to create redirects from the previous URL to the new URL when a page changes or moves. As a best practice, when you rename or move files, you should create an alias with the previous file path and name to create an HTML redirect from the old URL to the new URL. For more information, refer to [Hugo aliases](#hugo-aliases).

> ### (required) description

Reviewer 2: Not sure if the "required" should come after the item rather than before. I was gonna see what it looked like in preview, but you need to merge your branch with main to get the updates that allow the make docs command to work.

Author: My aim was to have "required" visible in the right TOC.  I don't really care if it's before or after the heading, but I've usually seen the "required" or "optional" at the beginning so that people who scan don't miss it, and if things wrap it doesn't get lost.

I couldn't get `make-docs` to run last week, so I haven't seen how this looks in a preview yet.  I should check and see if Jack fixed the script.

Reviewer 2: He has! I think you might have to merge your branch with main to get the fix.

Reviewer 2: Yeah looking at this in a local build, I find the list less scannable seeing the word in parentheses first and then the actual thing element i want information about second. recommend moving (required) to after the front matter element.
```suggestion
### description (required) 
```

> Used to provide the short description of the topic to search engines, including the search feature in the Grafana documentation site.

Reviewer 2: I immediately thought you were talking about the feature called "Search" in Grafana. Mixing language here confuses the issue I think. 
```suggestion
Used to provide the short description of the topic to search engines, including the search engine used in the Grafana documentation site.
```

### keywords

> The website uses keywords to genrate links to related pages in the _Related content_ sections.

Reviewer: Fixes typo.

```suggestion
The website uses keywords to generate links to related pages in the _Related content_ sections.
```

      - cloud
```

### menuTitle

Use to specify a different heading in the sidebar navigation than the `title` element, for example if you want to abbreviate the topic heading in the table of contents.

### (required) title

Hugo uses the `title` to generate the sidebar table of contents if there is no `menuTitle` specified in the front matter.

The `title` becomes the document title element in the HTML. Often browsers display this in the tab for the page.

Optimize the title for search engines. Use double quotes (`"`) to surround the title. Do not use smart quotes.

If the `doc-validator` linter has been implemented on your repository, your topic heading must exactly match the title in the metadata.

### weight

> You use the `weight` to specify the placement of a topic within the left-hand sidebar on https://grafana.com. Smaller numbers place the topic higher in the guide or section of the guide. Pages with the same weight or no weight will be displayed in alphabetical order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `weight` front matter to specify the placement of a topic within the left-hand sidebar on https://grafana.com.
Smaller numbers place the topic higher in the guide or section of the guide.
Pages with the same weight will be displayed in alphabetical order.
```

No weight is not an exceptional case, it gets the default weight value and all pages with the same weight are sorted alphabetically.

Author: Hmmm, I need to figure out how to reword that.  What I was aiming for was that if you don't specify weights at all that pages are displayed in alphabetical order.  What is the default weight value?  I didn't realize there was one?

Reviewer: I believe the default is 0.

Reviewer: I double checked because I wasn't certain. It turns out I was completely wrong, sorry about that. According to the maintainer, pages are sorted by `weight` only if it set and then by `linkTitle` or `title`. So In that case, I think your update is better than my suggestion.

https://discourse.gohugo.io/t/how-do-i-sort-by-weight-then-title/18297/2

      - cloud
```

### menuTitle

Use to specify a different heading in the sidebar navigation than the `title` element, for example if you want to abbreviate the topic heading in the table of contents.

> ### (required) title

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### title (required) 
```

Hugo uses the `title` to generate the sidebar table of contents if there is no `menuTitle` specified in the front matter.

The `title` becomes the document title element in the HTML. Often browsers display this in the tab for the page.

Optimize the title for search engines. Use double quotes (`"`) to surround the title. Do not use smart quotes.

> If the `doc-validator` linter has been implemented on your repository, your topic heading must exactly match the title in the metadata.

Reviewer 2: Suggest moving this up to line 118 since not knowing this will cause you pain.

### weight

> By default topics are displayed in alphabetical order by `title`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, topics are displayed in alphabetical order by `title`.
```

> You use `weight` to specify a different topic order within the left-hand sidebar on https://grafana.com. Smaller numbers place the topic earlier in the guide or section of the guide. Pages with the same weight are displayed in alphabetical order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use `weight` to specify a different topic order within the left-hand sidebar on https://grafana.com. Smaller numbers place the topic earlier in the guide or section of the guide. Pages with the same weight are displayed in alphabetical order.
```
